Updated docs for now optional `letsencrypt-production` ClusterIssuer (#312)
epinio/docs: docs/howtos/other/certificate_issuers.md

# Using a Certificate Issuer

> Epinio comes with multiple [cert-manager ClusterIssuer](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/) for creating certificates.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Epinio comes with multiple [cert-manager ClusterIssuers](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/) for creating certificates.  
```

> By default it installs the `epinio-ca` and the `selfsigned-issuer`. If specified it will install also the `letsencrypt-staging` or `letsencrypt-production` issuer, to create certificates issued from [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default it installs the issuers `epinio-ca` and `selfsigned-issuer`.
If specified it will also install either `letsencrypt-staging` or `letsencrypt-production` , to create certificates issued from [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/).
```

* epinio-ca (default)
* selfsigned-issuer (internal)
* letsencrypt-[staging|production] (optional)

> The specified issuer will be used for both, the Epinio API endpoint and workloads (i.e. pushed applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specified issuer will be used for both Epinio API endpoint and workloads (i.e. pushed applications).
```

## Choosing a Different Issuer

When [installing Epinio with helm](../../installation/install_epinio.md#install-epinio), you can choose between those issuers by using the `global.tlsIssuer` helm variable.

It's also possible to create a cert-manager cluster issuer in the cluster, before installing Epinio and referencing it by name when installing, using the `global.customTlsIssuer`.

> When using the `letsencrypt-staging` or `letsencrypt-production` issuer further use the `global.tlsIssuerEmail` helm variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using either of `letsencrypt-staging` or `letsencrypt-production` further use the `global.tlsIssuerEmail` helm variable
```

to set an email address for the reception of the certificate notification emails sent by that

> issuer. __Note__, the default address is `epinio@suse.com`.

Reviewer: Is that default still true ? I thought to have seen you remove that default in the chart PR.

Author: Ups, that's correct! I missed the note part. Thanks.

Author: Fixed with 266ccf7b1a182c35f8051ee2dc7921fe0d0f1518

# Using a Certificate Issuer

Epinio comes with multiple [cert-manager ClusterIssuers](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/) for creating certificates.  
By default it installs the issuers `epinio-ca` and `selfsigned-issuer`.
If specified it will also install either `letsencrypt-staging` or `letsencrypt-production` , to create certificates issued from [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/).

* epinio-ca (default)
* selfsigned-issuer (internal)
* letsencrypt-[staging|production] (optional)

The specified issuer will be used for both Epinio API endpoint and workloads (i.e. pushed applications).

## Choosing a Different Issuer

When [installing Epinio with helm](../../installation/install_epinio.md#install-epinio), you can choose between those issuers by using the `global.tlsIssuer` helm variable.

It's also possible to create a cert-manager cluster issuer in the cluster, before installing Epinio and referencing it by name when installing, using the `global.customTlsIssuer`.

> When using either of `letsencrypt-staging` or `letsencrypt-production` further use the `global.tlsIssuerEmail` helm variable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using either `letsencrypt-staging` or `letsencrypt-production` then use the `global.tlsIssuerEmail` helm variable
```
